Caption: nice to see you all thank you so much
Caption: for being any session today and thanks
Caption: to the GED crew who put on a great
Caption: conference I'm so stoked to be here I'm
Caption: really really pumped I'm going to stop
Caption: walking along here and having my head
Caption: shadowed I can't help it I a straight so
Caption: it happens so welcome to my talk first
Caption: things first
Caption: my name is Padma Ola my twitter handle
Caption: is the underscore Padma for anyone who
Caption: likes a stay in contact afterwards now
Caption: try not to keep you up for them I'll
Caption: hold you up for lunch for too long here
Caption: I'm a stubborn Marvin I get hungry and
Caption: all the rest but anyway yes that is a
Caption: bigger picture of me wearing a bigger
Caption: half
Caption: why you might ask good question yeah
Caption: that's what's going through your minds
Caption: right it's happening well yes it's
Caption: because I am a person who wears a lot of
Caption: hats for those who know me in the room
Caption: already
Caption: there's a lot going along going on in my
Caption: life ah by day I go run a digital agency
Caption: I'm also part of conference organizing
Caption: teams have organized meetups national
Caption: road shows things and stuff and that and
Caption: that seems like a fair bit because
Caption: usually I would be doing that all at one
Caption: time
Caption: thus the multiple hats so I do get off
Caption: often ask the question how do you find
Caption: the time how do you find the energy to
Caption: do all of these things and it's a great
Caption: question but pretty much it's just going
Caption: about and you know finding the right
Caption: balance to have the energy and the time
Caption: to get done and I say and I say
Caption: it's too late I've done it okay but
Caption: really more importantly it's you know
Caption: about the productivity side of it
Caption: looking at maximizing your time for full
Caption: productivity but not burning out because
Caption: we're all at risk of it because we're in
Caption: this great industry and we love it right
Caption: sorry we're doing a 95 if that's what
Caption: we're doing
Caption: and then we're going home and probably
Caption: smashing out the laptops on the couch
Caption: again doing weekend hacks
Caption: is because we love it but where's the
Caption: end to it you know we're connected 24/7
Caption: and you know how am i doing it yeah
Caption: everyone's gonna have it stuck in their
Caption: head maybe later
Caption: I want to strike I'm gonna do this I'm
Caption: just gonna get it out of my system all
Caption: right I actually wasn't born with time
Caption: management skills or you know knowledge
Caption: on how to balance my work life and all
Caption: the things I've been up to it's been
Caption: through training really good habits into
Caption: place and it's a bit of trial and error
Caption: as well and it comes down to balancing
Caption: and balancing means that you do need to
Caption: make some careful decisions about how
Caption: you actually distribute your time and
Caption: what you say yes to and what you say no
Caption: to sorry okay it got me thinking too you
Caption: know the work hard rest and recover
Caption: mentality that athletes have or anyone
Caption: with a profession that requires physical
Caption: ability to perform their job role sorry
Caption: you know someone who who is in that kind
Caption: of role they do need to continue the
Caption: pace though they need to be able to
Caption: perform at it peak near their peak level
Caption: at all times to be at a function in
Caption: their job role and we kind of we kind of
Caption: do the same here but without a mind as
Caption: our tool that's our you know that's our
Caption: mind muscle and in you know in the
Caption: athlete world I'm pretty interested in
Caption: fitness myself
Caption: there is actually thing called
Caption: overtraining syndrome OTS as it's
Caption: commonly referred to and it's not too
Caption: dissimilar to our where compare it to
Caption: burning out in industry it's the
Caption: definition of it is this but it's
Caption: literally the the misbalance of breast
Caption: and actually doing things so resting
Caption: training which leads to the physical
Caption: detriment of that athlete or that you
Caption: know whatever that profession might be
Caption: they kind of imagine when an athlete is
Caption: injured well they'll get fetched and
Caption: they'll recover and they'll get that
Caption: chance to you know gain their energy
Caption: back but
Caption: is it different is it so different to
Caption: the mind you know what about what if our
Caption: minds need that breath in that moment to
Caption: recharge our energy bar as well so this
Caption: this myth that I find you know that mind
Caption: is not as important as the body when
Caption: we're looking after you know looking
Caption: after our well being who emerge you to
Caption: that not even a 3d one yet sorry I'm
Caption: saying that yeah
Caption: our minds are you know our our during
Caption: the hard work they're doing the heavy
Caption: lifting because in our profession we
Caption: need to be borrowing and solving
Caption: problems and just being fresh and at it
Caption: and you know being creative and all the
Caption: things that are expected of us and we're
Caption: constantly learning and it's taking a
Caption: lot of energy or yes I'm saying that
Caption: we're mind athletes mm-hmm yeah we have
Caption: to look after these little organs of
Caption: ours because we need them to do our
Caption: day-to-day is that we need them for our
Caption: careers and this is the industry that
Caption: we're in
Caption: but it's not as simple right to measure
Caption: how we're tracking with that like I
Caption: mentioned with someone with a physical
Caption: profession look if you if you're tired
Caption: or you're you know you've injured
Caption: something you you know oh my arms broken
Caption: better stop yeah you don't really have
Caption: so much of the same cues you know when
Caption: you when when you're kind of dealing
Caption: with how tied your mind might go because
Caption: we're always pushing through we're
Caption: always just you know just keep going
Caption: just keep going until that bug solved oh
Caption: you know like let's just skip lunch and
Caption: just work through let's do an
Caption: all-nighter do what we need to do but we
Caption: can't really tell where that line of
Caption: burnout is coming up I know I've got
Caption: programs but not you know we don't have
Caption: our moral qualms about little Powerbars
Caption: above our heads
Caption: tell us when that's whittling down and
Caption: we're getting to a point where we need
Caption: to recharge again sorry we really have
Caption: to take this opportunity to be more
Caption: proactive and it does take discipline it
Caption: does take a bit of you know change in
Caption: that mindset but it's for you know it's
Caption: for the long game it's so that you can
Caption: continue to race through and do the
Caption: things that you need to do at sprint
Caption: pace as well as you know a jogging pace
Caption: as well it's walking pace as well as
Caption: sitting pace when you need to sorry time
Caption: to be proactive there's I guess if you
Caption: you know a few scenarios that I've come
Caption: across and hopefully they'll be or some
Caption: of them will be coming to you all but
Caption: you know if we can just cut through some
Caption: of those with some actions of what is it
Caption: that we actually want to do to be able
Caption: to maximize our productivity again
Caption: remembering that we don't want to burn
Caption: out I think there's three things as part
Caption: of the formula was productivity and
Caption: getting done one is improving focus
Caption: who is increasing energy and three is
Caption: keeping motivated now each of those will
Caption: have their you know their tools and
Caption: whatnot that you you can put towards
Caption: actually recharging those areas but I
Caption: suppose I would just apply in a
Caption: practical sense with some scenarios that
Caption: we might be in though featuring at these
Caption: moments and Pat's isms I may be knowing
Caption: to just make up terms and words you know
Caption: it's fine
Caption: hoping that they're going to go
Caption: mainstream so
Caption: yeah maybe somewhat they still catch on
Caption: so what do you think of get grant
Caption: deadlines everyday forever always in the
Caption: grill it's it's it's always the way and
Caption: seemingly sometimes when you're just
Caption: going and going and going where's the
Caption: end of it
Caption: there's always going to be a deadline
Caption: honestly on it there's there's just no
Caption: getting out of it in the industry that
Caption: we're in there's always something to be
Caption: working towards and as soon as you hit
Caption: one milestone you're going to be doing
Caption: the next projects right sorry
Caption: a good balance ideally here are some
Caption: suggestions of just resting and
Caption: recovering and getting those energy
Caption: surpluses back up again and I know it
Caption: sounds super simple but a lot of people
Caption: don't do it I was guilty of this for
Caption: ages until I actually had to program it
Caption: in as part of a process or a project
Caption: taking a pause and taking a break downs
Caption: wild groundbreaking but actually
Caption: celebrating your wins at the end of
Caption: hitting a milestone and that's not just
Caption: as an individual but it's also being
Caption: part of a team right you want to be able
Caption: to give your co-workers as well a pat on
Caption: the back and say we did this right let's
Caption: reflect let's have a look to see where
Caption: we're at on the roadmap you can also as
Caption: an individual take that chance to
Caption: reflect by getting that quiet time to
Caption: just think okay where is that sitting
Caption: with what I learned and what my career
Caption: roadmap looks like not enough people do
Caption: this at the end of milestones because
Caption: it's always something else going on but
Caption: like I mentioned it's really it's really
Caption: just about building it in as a habit and
Caption: it's as some you know home you know I've
Caption: got these deadlines coming up next we
Caption: could do organize yep
Caption: that stuff happens all the time it's
Caption: it's normal taking leave is not slacking
Caption: off you're entitled to it you leave if
Caption: you have timing loo banked up
Caption: take it rather than banking banking it
Caption: up because you know there's going to be
Caption: a point where it's just got all going to
Caption: hit an end and you're going to think
Caption: I've been doing this for ten years
Caption: straight and better take that break
Caption: so in doing all of that a motivations
Caption: restored
Caption: we're reenergized and we're ready to
Caption: focus again though thinking of that
Caption: energy bar that's building up yeah
Caption: let's say these always happy so really
Caption: this is when you just so tired you
Caption: you're actually mentally and probably
Caption: physically exhausted too and a naps just
Caption: not going to cut it or you know I mean I
Caption: did have a nap pod under my desk for a
Caption: while and that kind of helped but it's
Caption: you know it what it kind of contributes
Caption: to is things like you start getting
Caption: glasses and your focus you know you say
Caption: is there times where you've just been
Caption: staring at your screen you just trying
Caption: to push through it and imagine you you
Caption: know you there for three hours four
Caption: hours like me like oh oh that little
Caption: thing but you know it's it's it's normal
Caption: because we've lost focus with you know
Caption: you can't quite see it clearly at that
Caption: point because your mind is exhausted and
Caption: so that's that's a that's a cue for you
Caption: sometimes you get to this extreme and if
Caption: burnout we're to have a face it's pretty
Caption: thing I think nothing against cats but
Caption: that ones are really my feral one yeah
Caption: if you get to this point where you are
Caption: you know that you need you know you
Caption: break all you just you're just going to
Caption: crash then right like I guess Ryan got
Caption: to get to that point is ideal but either
Caption: which way it's about refueling you're at
Caption: a point where you've just reached a
Caption: limit you've worked yourself so hard and
Caption: will do that I'm saying that and this is
Caption: this is what we do in our industry and
Caption: we just you know you're just warming
Caption: those good habits to give you a chair
Caption: yourself that chance to give your mind
Caption: and body a rest
Caption: so again programming that in or
Caption: designing that in into your day really
Caption: simple stuff yeah Gelinas the script the
Caption: stretch breaks at them we've got to
Caption: stretch but breaks that happen daily
Caption: we're cured up with an automatic song
Caption: that happens at a certain amount a
Caption: certain time each day and everyone gets
Caption: up and does a little stretch it's not
Caption: just you know like a physical you know
Caption: it's helping with our RS on our back
Caption: problems because that's property but
Caption: more sorry I suppose what I mean by this
Caption: is taking a chance to just take a break
Caption: it's scheduled in so you're prioritizing
Caption: it and you're giving your you know your
Caption: mind a break from that task
Caption: and resting your eyes and you know just
Caption: taking that moment to just deep breath
Caption: and that's okay
Caption: it just has to be a five-minute break
Caption: you know get a drink of water or a tea
Caption: just go for a little walk
Caption: heading sleep it's obviously I'm going
Caption: to be a little bit of it this one I'm a
Caption: bit of a hypocrite um there was a time
Caption: where always having leaving off four
Caption: hours of sleep night and that was
Caption: perfectly all good and I had you know I
Caption: felt like I had a really good balance
Caption: and I was getting you know I was getting
Caption: lots done but it was just kind of we
Caption: doing away at my little pantry of energy
Caption: so that was diminishing diminishing
Caption: diminishing and then I just add one day
Caption: like a 20-hour sleep and it's probably
Caption: not ideal right I was probably just
Caption: working my body in my mind a bit too
Caption: hard and how was I even supposed to get
Caption: anything done sorry
Caption: better habits again we're working on it
Caption: avoiding hangry chewed I get the
Caption: hungary's like there's no tomorrow
Caption: and not being out of focus on a task
Caption: while you're hungry right now I'm sorry
Caption: I'm keeping you from lunch but sometimes
Caption: it just makes it you know older all the
Caption: way harder and at that moment I'm saying
Caption: let's be proactive let's have our
Caption: breakfast to fill us up so that our
Caption: bodies have something to burn off to
Caption: create energy to create mind power mind
Caption: athletes Milligan's know that makes
Caption: sense but I'm actually doing it putting
Caption: it to practice and making it a priority
Caption: is your choice and completely up to you
Caption: I think it's a good sorry
Caption: taking lead again that's um that's a
Caption: massive one just I don't feel like a lot
Caption: of people taking off breaks and because
Caption: they just keep on going but the works
Caption: always going to be there I promise you
Caption: it's always gonna be that when you get
Caption: back so there we go
Caption: what we're doing there is again just
Caption: refueling ourselves getting our energy
Caption: bar you know right up there which
Caption: scorpion would you rather be you know
Caption: get over here the one that's kicking ass
Caption: or the one that's going to be carried on
Caption: up to you and all of this is us while
Caption: working towards avoiding shiny Bri a
Caption:  like this one and you know this is
Caption: just to have a distraction-free kind of
Caption: environment and designing again this
Caption: into your workflow and being okay with
Caption: going okay I need to put in the measures
Caption: that I can focus
Caption: Sam's talk touched on it earlier where
Caption: it was literally about going okay well
Caption: we have productivity tools that we you
Caption: know we can use and whatnot but there's
Caption: always going to be distractions and
Caption: Nathan's talked about it too as having
Caption: knowing when you are most productive and
Caption: working to those times
Caption: sorry working so your most productive
Caption: times anything if you're not feeling it
Caption: is take a break
Caption: I'm gonna distractions at work who who
Caption: gets those all the time you know quick
Caption: question oh yeah yeah just quickly yeah
Caption: I've got two minutes no worries um I'll
Caption: answer that for you but we you know we
Caption: do the math there's never a two minute
Caption: question and there's never just the one
Caption: that happens imagine if you get ten a
Caption: day not uncommon in an agency world it's
Caption: 20 minutes for a week that's an hour and
Caption: a half yeah yeah it keeps going it's no
Caption: too many distractions where it's like me
Caption: bring it on all of a sudden turns into
Caption: you've just been completely taken off
Caption: your task and you have gone into a time
Caption: hole of losing that time and yeah well
Caption: that's not even mentioning the time it
Caption: takes back to get back into the tasks
Caption: that you're working on after that
Caption: distraction
Caption: mm-hmm logical sense so just to recap
Caption: break about focus and half ways in which
Caption: we can try and increase that because
Caption: that's you know that's one of the key
Caption: ingredients in my opinion towards
Caption: getting done through energizing and
Caption: keep them keeping up that energy storage
Caption: because we need the energy to keep going
Caption: and three motivation motivation to
Caption: actually get it done and having a
Caption: purpose to it and it's really hard to be
Caption: motivated if you're burning out so these
Caption: are the three things that I believe will
Caption: you know lead to getting done and
Caption: not burning out in the process let's do
Caption: it
Caption: thanks for listening everyone does
Caption: anyone have any questions for me at all
Caption: hmm great question so the question was
Caption: how do you lessen the impact of those
Caption: two minute destructions it's really
Caption: about putting a big-ass no sign on your
Caption: back or you know whatever that might be
Caption: in terms of communicating to your team
Caption: to let them or you know to let them know
Caption: that you're about to focus or go into a
Caption: sprint and I'm getting that to them to
Caption: say okay I'm not available for this time
Caption: and whatever the channels might be to
Caption: communicate that your team's lack or let
Caption: him know that there's time that you've
Caption: set it aside that whether that's you
Caption: know in 9:00 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. as I do
Caption: not disturb I'm but the key to it really
Caption: is protecting your own time and people
Caption: will respect that if you a lot you know
Caption: allow them to in in to know what you're
Caption: thinking rather than assuming that they
Caption: know that you're in a zone headphones
Caption: also help in an open mind office I
Caption: really do
Caption: yes
Caption: oh okay so the question over here was
Caption: you mentioned sleep but did you mention
Caption: exercise and going to the gym as well I
Caption: did not but it's super important I
Caption: wanted to kind of focus on the you know
Caption: resting resting up your mind but
Caption: exercise of course of course it's and
Caption: Sam's talk went through it in in great
Caption: depth as well as digital time for
Caption: yourself
Caption: actually re-energize as well so that
Caption: really is another another part to
Caption: restoring your energy surplice
Caption: anyone else
Caption: got a question what's for lunch cool
Caption: thanks so much for leasing Thanks
Caption: [Applause]